say straight up knife sucks not even
real bullshit team watch off with
straight-up knife fight knife you oh
wait no he's not no I could make the
weirdest sound I hope I wish he was
recording right now I can make I could
should I do my donkey saddle did you
knock it down
come on I got donkey we got race stupid
is stupid does Wow stupid is stupid does
I guess cuz I'm really fucking miss them
I know actually it might be I think it
is
well whose picture that is that that's
laughs dude that's straight-up knives
I'm getting knife these god damn it
that's 79 you doing that man straight up
knife straight up knives at him
is that the real straight-up right it is
no one isn't
he's got KYR speedy in his friends list
you fucking faggot okay I love you
straight up knives I love you made up
names you watch the youtuber straight up
knives because your name is pretty
familiar I really know I'm sorry but I
really found it hard to believe you
coming oh wow you dick
left side probably each other's dicks